Fix TODOs for Community Guide (#246)
scientific-python/learn.scientific-python.org: content/community/_index.md

shortcutDepth: 2
---

> Welcome to the Community Guide! Here you will find useful resources that will
> help you foster your project's community better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the Community Guide! Here you will find useful resources, tips, and tricks that will
help you foster your project's community. 
```
